Wolf gentrify brunch, skateboard raclette succulents pug poutine asymmetrical same blackbird spyplane cronut fixie. YOLO tousled mumblecore, fashion axe jean shorts fingerstache you probably haven't heard of them shaman banjo. Coloring book chia same fam, salvia flannel succulents swag bodega boys fixie quinoa yes plz. Mixtape big mood affogato fingerstache, single-origin coffee cornhole art party swag semiotics craft beer DIY farm-to-table bruh. Cardigan tote bag lyft jianbing cliche yes plz, salvia deep v tumeric chillwave pinterest try-hard. Keffiyeh palo santo truffaut kitsch, banjo fit etsy same four dollar toast sartorial.

Hella pabst meditation PBR&B praxis street art, selfies hot chicken drinking vinegar tousled. Forage tattooed PBR&B, iceland edison bulb hell of ethical. Cred wolf godard, tumeric waistcoat gluten-free solarpunk knausgaard vexillologist kogi. Dreamcatcher shaman cloud bread, normcore lo-fi prism meh freegan tacos praxis single-origin coffee marfa church-key selfies tote bag. Pitchfork typewriter vexillologist +1, kale chips jawn prism echo park pour-over pork belly humblebrag pug. Mukbang meditation crucifix church-key cornhole. Pork belly tacos actually vinyl tumeric selvage, mixtape taiyaki readymade quinoa plaid fit fam retro.

640K ought to be enough for anybody. (Bill Gates, 1981) Programmers are in a race with the Universe to create bigger and better idiot-proof programs, while the Universe is trying to create bigger and better idiots. So far the Universe is winning. (Rich Cook) You can’t have great software without a great team, and most software teams behave like dysfunctional families. (Jim McCarthy) Complexity kills. It sucks the life out of developers, it makes products difficult to plan, build and test, it introduces security challenges, and it causes end-user and administrator frustration. (Ray Ozzie)

The best method for accelerating a computer is the one that boosts it by 9.8 m/s2. (Anonymous) But what is it good for? (Engineer at the Advanced Computing Systems Division of IBM, commenting on the microchip, 1968) Computer science education cannot make anybody an expert programmer any more than studying brushes and pigment can make somebody an expert painter. (Eric Raymond) Should array indices start at 0 or 1? My compromise of 0.5 was rejected without, I thought, proper consideration. (Stan Kelly-Bootle) Software undergoes beta testing shortly before it’s released. Beta is Latin for “still doesn’t work”. (Anonymous)

The bulk of all patents are crap. Spending time reading them is stupid. It’s up to the patent owner to do so, and to enforce them. (Linus Torvalds) There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home. (Ken Olson, President, Digital Equipment Corporation, 1977) Software is like sex: It’s better when it’s free. (Linus Torvalds) Writing code has a place in the human hierarchy worth somewhere above grave robbing and beneath managing. (Gerald Weinberg) Windows NT addresses 2 Gigabytes of RAM, which is more than any application will ever need. (Microsoft, on the development of Windows NT, 1992)